Updated Section article and references to Settings tree (#6240)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/sections.md

A section in Umbraco is where you perform specific tasks related to a particular area of Umbraco. For example Content, Settings, and Users are all sections. You can navigate between the different sections by clicking the corresponding icon in the section menu which is positioned at the top of the Backoffice.

_The **Section menu** is the horizontal menu located at the top of the Umbraco Backoffice._

<figure><img src="images/sections-highlight-sections2.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>
![Section](images/highlight-sections-v14.png)

There are seven default sections that come with Umbraco:
Umbraco comes with the following default sections:

## Content

The Content section contains the content of the website. Content is displayed as nodes in the content tree. Nodes can also show content state:
The Content section contains the content of the website. Content is displayed as nodes in the content tree.

Nodes in Umbraco can display the following content states:

* Grayed out nodes have not been published
* <img src="images/has-unpublished-version.svg" alt="" data-size="line"> Nodes have unpublished versions (but are currently published)

> * <img src="images/protected.svg" alt="" data-size="line"> Nodes are protected from the public (can only be accessed by a logged in Member)

Reviewer: Is it no longer possible to restrict access to certain content?

Author: I don't see a lock option any where 🙈

Reviewer: It's the "Pubic access" option, where you can limit access to certain members or member groups.
I'm pretty sure this is still an option! See: https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/tutorials/members-registration-and-login#member-only-pages-restricted-access

Author: Got it..

* <img src="images/locked.svg" alt="" data-size="line"> Nodes are currently locked/non-deletable

> * <img src="images/is-container.svg" alt="" data-size="line"> Nodes are containers (a List View for example)

Reviewer: This is still a state that a piece of content can be in, right?

Author: No, the content node doesn't have different states/symbols on it anymore.

Image for reference: 
![image](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs/assets/82437098/a9709ba8-df39-46a7-89f2-38a93cdb137a)

* Extension Insights
* Webhooks

The **Settings** section in the Umbraco backoffice has its own set of default dashboards. For more information, see the [Settings Dashboards](settings-dashboards.md) article.

## Packages

> In this section, you can browse and install packages into your Umbraco solution. You can also get an overview of all the installed packages as well as uninstall packages you no longer need.

Reviewer: You can't install packages directly from this section, so I think we should take that out of this section!

Author: Updated the text.

> In this section, you can browse and install packages into your Umbraco solution. You can also get an overview of all the installed packages as well as uninstall packages you no longer need.

Author: ```suggestion
In this section, you can browse the different packages available for your Umbraco solution. You can also get an overview of all the packages you have installed or created.
```

## Users

The Users section allows administrators to manage user accounts, assign permissions, set user roles, and monitor user activity within the backoffice. It provides control over who can access and modify content, media, and settings in the CMS.

## Members

The Members section allows to create and manage member profiles, set up member groups, and control Member's access to restricted content on the website.

## Translation

The Translation section is where you create and manage Dictionary Items. By managing these dictionary items, you can ensure consistent and efficient content translation and maintenance across different languages.

## Add-On Sections

> You can enhance Umbraco's functionality with plugins and extensions tailored to specific needs, expanding capabilities beyond core features. Currently, Umbraco supports add-ons like Forms, Deploy, Workflow, Commerce, and UI Builder.

Reviewer: How about a link to the Marketplace here?

Author: Added a link to the marketplace

> You can enhance Umbraco's functionality with plugins and extensions tailored to specific needs, expanding capabilities beyond core features. Currently, Umbraco supports add-ons like Forms, Deploy, Workflow, Commerce, and UI Builder.

Author: ```suggestion
You can enhance Umbraco's functionality with plugins and extensions tailored to specific needs, expanding capabilities beyond core features. Currently, Umbraco supports add-ons like Forms, Deploy, Workflow, Commerce, and UI Builder. You can find the different packages at [Umbraco Marketplace](https://marketplace.umbraco.com/).
```

## Help Section

The Help section in Umbraco provides documentation and resources to assist in understanding and effectively using the Umbraco CMS. It typically includes the following in the _Getting Started_ Dashboard:

* **Documentation**: Comprehensive guides, tutorials, and references covering different aspects of Umbraco.
* **Community Forums**: Access to forums where you can ask questions, share knowledge, and seek assistance from other Umbraco community members.
* **Resources**: Stay updated with the latest news, access documentation, watch free video tutorials, and register for live demos.
* **Training**: Learn how to effectively use Umbraco through structured courses, webinars, and hands-on tutorials designed to enhance your proficiency with the CMS.

> Overall, the Help section serves as a valuable resource hub in navigating and leveraging the capabilities of the Umbraco CMS effectively.

Author: ```suggestion
The Help section serves as a valuable resource hub in navigating and leveraging the capabilities of the Umbraco CMS effectively.
```

* Extension Insights
* Webhooks

The **Settings** section in the Umbraco backoffice has its own set of default dashboards.

For more information, see the [Settings Dashboards](settings-dashboards.md) article.

## Packages

In this section, you can browse the different packages available for your Umbraco solution. You can also get an overview of all the packages you have installed or created.

For more information, see the [Packages](../../extending/packages/README.md) article.

## Users

The Users section allows administrators to manage user accounts, assign permissions, set user roles, and monitor user activity within the backoffice. It provides control over who can access and modify content, media, and settings in the CMS.

For more information, see the [Users](../../fundamentals/data/users.md) article.

## Members

The Members section allows to create and manage member profiles, set up member groups, and control Member's access to restricted content on the website.

For more information, see the [Members](../../fundamentals/data/members.md) article.

> ## Translation

Author: yup, that's right.

The Translation section is where you create and manage Dictionary Items. By managing these dictionary items, you can ensure consistent and efficient content translation and maintenance across different languages.

For more information, see the [Dictionary Items](../../fundamentals/data/dictionary-items.md) article.

> ## Add-On Sections

Author: Sure, added it..
